we are in fiesole
where the great virgil was born
the first two days form the upper lake of Mantua
descending gently into a fairy-tale scenery far from the chimneys that
frame mantova and that unfortunately 'irreparably poison the lake of
half is that whole
we slip between beautiful ancient lotus flowers and the current symbol of purity e
spiritual rebirth
and between prairies of water chestnuts with our boat piloted by fausto
where is franco purini
sticar paolioli di guerrino grand prix free boss of the Mantuan fishing
we are in search of record shoes not by chance in these waters status
held the Italian record with a queen card of over 25 kilos captured by
earth from giuseppe malavasi
frank and auspicious they anchor close to a jetty given to the limit of chestnuts
host rigors as they call me in Mantua
their yellow fruit and firm use harvested in the fall is eaten later
have it been i cooked under people
we will stay towards the center of the current to prevent the cards once there
mars can immediately re-enter their burrows
our friends have tortured for several days both with the classic polenta
yellow lava in Libya that like a Turkish spit of boiled este excellent for the
cards
before fishing he launches someone and handfuls of iron beans
to innovate the interest of our friends
ikea coffee
as always between fishermen comes a nice bet
fausto in vista two types of corn on a model 10 leaving me discovered
verdiglione
with the warmest little stars
franco instead triggers the classic pasterello of polenta on a 6 x model
working it until it assumes the classical formation
after a few minutes the decline of the fausto cane leaped fiber
definitely
a moment of tension
from the response to the via ferrata from how much thread takes from the reel
but as a note on the bottom one can guess how much one can
the biggest ones are planted on the bottom and don't move for hours
after stealing 100 meters of wire
this one is small but it defends itself and ends with the Cesena
just the time of some comment and here is also the franc cane vibrates
a moment of hanging and then the ferrata
the barrel bends immediately
this one is bigger
you have to give it up but with caution
just the paper takes off the other still recalls pianpiano trying to
keep it up from the well
photo a little longer
but then enters the ample ones watching the dawn photo
at
a beautiful queen and fassa card in five kilos
its silver and scales shine in the sun
after having his mother we will give him the freedom he deserves
facebook is fine
I believe we will have to be satisfied
the appointment with the postponed hair record
in the meantime you could try us
perhaps they will let themselves be tempted by your sins